now all welcome another video this
time I'm reaffirming because the rap that
He had recorded stay
by the focus
but if I come to tell you what I read in the
Month of May
something else my dad stole my tripod
the tripod is not mine but yes so the
camera is about seven random books if
is greater there are not as many books as I
I liked it
because I had partial exams of the
faculty
luckily the end of my exams
coincided with the one zone oblivion that
organized the big king but the
projects once vctor favorites and
leave your career under commissioner
they know what was called set
books
and if it means tending to irrigate me too and
good benitez and join your reason and
I just left the name to gather the
Monday grip
and I was a little disappointed the truth
It was not what I expected, expected less
action and more info wanted more information
about this world because it's very
interesting but good not
It was not so much the little information that
has this book is already I knew about the
other books there are not many new things
does not add much history
characters were very interesting and I
they liked a lot marketing are great
I really like the story is
interesting I really liked it but
cut the action a little
I liked really do not know but I need
more info so trust that you're going to
write this prequel between this book
and others are worth
why
I need more information be free of
13 5 stars because it is very entertaining
but I do not like or love my
as much as I expected but I did like it and
it's a very good book to read has been
a pass if they want to read something in a
couple of days it seems to me is a book of
action and super fast read the next
book that I read as you know if they saw my
interior of the month
at the beginning of the month of may law
I did it
instantly what normo gob this book
I had not for almost four months
in an instant and I did not read it because
because twitter thanks twitter me
I study so many things in this book that I
packing and did not feel like reading it
because I was like go what happens
I do not want to read it to speak spoke
but good with the imminent departure of
the city of a fire said ok enough
Macarena can not deny the most
you have to read
I read class sites I liked this book not
I loved him I gave him four stars from
five I liked very much the same as
solved all the little problem of courage
link
it was very interesting that end
very good this new character that is
integra sebastián that we can finish
very interesting also its history
although quite predictable I did not know and
there was that kind and quite predictable
the truth but good
they are things that I like to be, I liked it
ruined a book yes but it was
interesting, you have not resolved
soon the mess this clark and 6 because I
do not bank me more sun and after reading
class lane sites clockwork on joe the
first book of the trilogy the infernal
devices also at home a clear one because
all of you recommended me to read
the history interspersed and they the
I thank you very much because after
explained appears very on the flash site
grabbed the flower inter because one reason
two
I wanted to read this book I was not surprised
I did not like it as much as I expected
like
and I was thinking about singing and I did not love it
as much as I think I like it
I do not know if I explain
the truth is that
the story is interesting the
I like characters
the time they are located
done with a little
the Victorian era is super cute and blah
bla bla everything you want but the
fashions and customs to me this time I
really hit the machismo about
everything and you see a lot in this book I
crashes a lot or that is to revoke the
book crash a lot of style
because I did not like the story is that of
there's no truth I can connect with the
characters as much as I would have liked
for this Victorian era theme of
it really hits me a lot or is the steam
punk was quite interesting never
I had read steampunk and it was very good to
see all the bark but it was not something that
I will really love with my soul from 4 to 5
stars this book also just
finish reading as by enzo obviously
Jump to read sites young in house the
fourth book in the saga of mortal
instruments and I know that this book is like
the most hated in the whole saga and the
I really do not understand why because I do not
loved it and so much more than the other
it was this great triumph is very very
well I hooked completely to
difference from the flash site that was like
good and where it is playing where
be this part I did not know anything about
this nothing what happened in this book I
I was not aware I go out for a couple
that is formed thanks twitter
except for that couple that way in
this book was not aware of anything of
this book and the truth is that
super great I loved it I do not know why to
nobody I like is full of simon what
which
this book is all simon and I thank
that like in the deck I liked it very much
Twirl taking history despite
that has the art of flash site to
Although valentine disappears caput
a very good turn dies so estimated villain
that seems really good the truth that I
it seemed super interesting is Simon in
seriously plays such an important role in
this book and many beliefs
really producing that you read first
try cher because the references that
do this book of this book are
many and I liked them a lot because the
true that I like the authors do
references from other books about everything
they are goals for the pages of this book
I do not remember when I finish I think that
half or two days this book 10 55
stars
obviously I just finished reading sites
in shows
to the love of my life lie law for
france the second book of the trilogy
this book was fíos to both ugly not
you just have to be that these characters
as it is very installed all this
I liked the book much more than the
previous
I insist I was still a bit shocked
from the Victorian era but I'm
getting used to but I do like a lot
I like how the
characters in this book and yes very good
I gave him four and a half five
cord and before you finish the
arvidsson and battlements read a little bit of
site to flash shows
I think that and about 60 pages so neither
I count for the month of May because
and all these were the books that I read
in the month so the worst the next
video that I hope will be soon
Bah